show me all orders 
Which countries did we ship to
what did brosina hoffman buy
How many were shipped in standard class
What is the total profit 
which postal code is where
All products shipped to los angeles
How much profit did we make for all orders shipped to los angeles
What did claire gute buy
What was the total revenue in furniture
How much profit did we make for all orders shipped to los angeles
What was our sales for the first quarter in the northern region
what percentage did we grow by in this quarter as compared to last quarter
what is the growth rate of our current product line
what is our company forecast ?
what is my team forecasting ?
what is our company's forecast based on historical performance ?
weighted pipeline, manual forecast, and historical trends stack up with likely ranges of outcome for each.
Manual forecasts show how closely a rep’s callouts align with their final bookings, with trending comparisons.
Use these reports to hold reps and teams accountable, while visualizing their progress and improving their accuracy over time.
predictive models consider several factors – from historical patterns and current sales pipeline to average deal size, past rep performance, and time-in-stage.
analyze historical trends in rep performance, opportunity type, deal stage, and more in minutes.
The Pipeline Opportunities By Close Date and Opportunity Stage chart delivers the fundamental information needed to manage the sales funnel. Sales managers and executives
can use this chart to assess the size of the pipeline and to begin forecasting future revenue. 
what is the current state of our pipeline ?
how is our pipeline value changing ?
How did last month’s events affect this month’s pipeline?
Which employees saw the greatest change last week to their pipeline for the month?
Which opportunities are we most likely to win ?
Are reps wasting time and effort on dead opportunities? 
Which deals deserve immediate attention?
whats our pipeline like
what does our pipeline look like
how many open opportunities do my reps have
what stage are my open opportunities at
what is the pipeline inflow 
whats the number of newly created opportunities
What about the deals in April that are in the Negotiation Stage? 
Pipeline Opportunities by Close Date and Opportunity Stage
Total pipeline by proportion
what are the top 10 pipeline accounts
what is the long term pipeline trending ?
But what about the trend in the size of the sales funnel over time? 
Is the pipeline increasing or decreasing in size?
What is our open opportunities by created date ?
Number of Close Date Month extensions. This counts the number of times the Opportunity Close Date has shifted from one month to another. 
Number of Days Since The Last Stage Change. This is the number of days since the Opportunity Stage was last updated
Number of Days Open. This is the number of days the Opportunity has been open. The clock stops counting when the deal is Won or Lost
what is the Win Rate by Amount
what is the Win Rate by Count. 
what is the Opportunity Conversion Ratios
Average size of Closed Won Deals by sales person
 Is the funnel leaking excessively?
 What is the leaking funnel ?
 Sales versus target measurement

The Pipeline History report gives you a snapshot of opportunities over any time period, all the way back to when you deployed your CRM.
Our Strike Zone is the probability a deal will be won based on historical win rates of similar opportunities.

How are we performing versus Activity goals
How many of our opportunities did we win ?

Open Opportunities by Created Date

closed won deals 
Closed Won by Month and Territory / Salesperson
who is the top performer for this quarter
closed won by customer type
closed won by account
what are our top 10 accounts won by revenue
Average deal size for closed won opportunities
Opportunity conversion rates (or win rates) compare the ratio of closed won to closed lost deals for a given time period.
Closed Won by Campaign chart tells us how well each marketing campaign performed in generating sales revenue.
